docs(migration): update streaming source documentation (#1059)
SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector: docs/migration.md

        - set(attributes["k8s.cluster.name"], "my-cluster")
  ```

>   The following example add two metadata for metrics, `cloud.availability_zone` and `k8s.cluster.name`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The following example adds two metadata for metrics, `cloud.availability_zone` and `k8s.cluster.name`:
```

  ```yaml
    transform/custom fields:
      metric_statements:
      - context: resource
        statements:
        - set(attributes["cloud.availability_zone"], "zone-1")
        - set(attributes["k8s.cluster.name"], "my-cluster")
  ```

> - You can alternatively use [resourceprocessor][resourceprocessor] to set custom fields/metadata for source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As an alternative, you can  use [resourceprocessor][resourceprocessor] to set custom fields/metadata for source:
```
